ISU Spring 2014 NCDC Anomalies
==============================

This repository contains a collection of the Iowa State University Spring 2014 National Cyber Defense Competition (NCDC) anomalies and solutions where applicable. The ISU NCDC anomalies are optional challenges that may be completed by participating teams within the allocated challenge time frame to earn additional points during the competition. Some anomalies may be intentionally designed to provoke teams into performing an ill-advised operation that could potentially compromise the security of their network. Other anomalies are simply technical or non-technical challenges designed to engage the participant during the competition in a way that encourages them to learn something new, which may be outside of their expertise or comfort zone.

These anomalies were created for the Iowa State University Spring 2014 National Cyber Defense Competition held on Feburary 8th, 2014. These anomalies are being released under the MIT License in the hopes that they can be reused or in some way aid in learning or promotion of computer security topics. Anomalies contained in this repository were created by Susan Maslo and Ben Holland.

Disclaimer: The brief post-analysis of the anomalies given below is the work of Ben Holland and does not reflect the views or opinions of Iowa State University. A best effort was made to collect this data during and after the competition from participant registration, participant check in sheets, the competition scoreboard, and participant feedback. As a result some of the data and analysis may be subject to errors. Note also that some of the challenges contain security relevant materials that could be considered malicious by some. Please use common sense when browsing this and other past anomaly repositories.
